GRAMMAR PRACTICE

1 MATCH THE SENTENCES TO FORM LOGICAL PAIRS (СОВМЕСТИ ВЫСКАЗЫВАНИЯ ПО СМЫСЛУ)
Steve is ambitious. - I'll help him to get the position.
The sofa is too big. - I'll send it back to the shop.
I don't really like Jack. -  I won't invite him over for lunch tomorrow.
Let's go to the party. - I'll give you my little black dress to wear.
They're building a new skyscraper. - I'll rent an office for us there.
My laptop is broken. - I'll give you mine.

2 COMPLETE THE SENTENCES WITH CORRECT FORMS. USE will or won't for predictions. (ПОСТАВЬ ГЛАГОЛЫ В ПРАВИЛЬНУЮ ФОРМУ. ИСПОЛЬЗУЙ will либо won't (will not) для предсказаний). 
1 We don't think Trump (will win) the next election.
2 (Will it snow) this winter?
3 I'm sure the theatre (will be crowded) tonight.
4 When (will the film end)?
5 Jenny (woun't find) a new job so fast.
6 The new security system (will protect) our customers better.
7 When (will the new security system change)?
8 (Will the new system have) a firewall? 

3 COMPLETE THE SENTENCES WITH THE CONSTRUCTION be going to. (ДОПОЛНИ ПРЕДЛОЖЕНИЯ КОНСТРУКЦИЕЙ be going to)
1 I (am going to learn) to write programs.
2 Michael (is going to be late) for the meeting.
3 What (are you going to do) tonight?
4 I'm (not going to get up) early tomorrow.
5 How long (he is going to stay) in London?
6 I (am going to finish) writing the report in the evening.

4 COMPLETE THE GAPS WITH will OR be going to (ИСПОЛЬЗУЙ В ПРЕДЛОЖЕНИЯХ will либо BE GOING TO)
1 What are Mike's plans for the summer?
— Well, first he (is going to stay) with a friend in Italy, and then he (is going to travel round) France and Spain.

2 — Here's my phone number.
— Thanks. I (will call) you tomorrow morning.

3 — How much is this sweater?
— 24.94.
— Fine. I (will take) it.

4 — Sorry, I'm not going out tonight.
— What (will you do), then?
— I (am going to stay) at home. I have to study.

VOCABULARY PRACTICE 

1 MATCH THE WORDS TO THEIR TRANSLATIONS (СОВМЕСТИ СЛОВА С ИХ ПЕРЕВОДОМ)
1 output - результат
2 to define - определять
3 modifier - модификатор
4 to produce - производить
5 type - тип, разновидность 
6 order - порядок
7 access - доступ
8 to accept - принимать
9 integer - целое число
10 to return value - возвращать предыдущее значение
11 (test) has failed - попытка завершилась неудачно
12 (test) has passed -попытка завершилась успехом
13 to invoke - вызывать
14 necessary - необходимый
15 template - шаблон
16 to equal - равняться, быть равным
17 to compose - составлять
18 behaviour - поведение
19 expiration date - срок годности
20 security code -код безопасности
21 to expect - ожидать
22 to verify - подтверждать, верифицировать
23 default -стандартная настройка 
24 keywords - ключевые слова
26 initial state - начальное состояние
27 to store in the heap - хранить в куче (хранилище)
28 heap memory (space) - память с неупорядоченным хранением данных
29 statement - утверждение
30 inline expression - встроенное выражение
31 multiple - множество
32 to remain - оставаться
33 to succeed - преуспеть
34 condition - условие

2 READ THE SENTENCES AND ANALIZE HOW WORDS ARE USED IN THE CONTEXT.(ПРОЧИТАЙ ПРЕДЛОЖЕНИЯ И ПРОАНАЛИЗИРУЙ КАК СЛОВА ИСПОЛЬЗОВАНЫ В КОНТЕКСТЕ)

1 The computer's output is shown on this screen. 
2 To discover and define the truth is the problem of history.
3 Java language has a wide variety of modifiers, including the following − Java Access Modifiers, Non Access Modifiers.
4 That company produces microchips.
5 Jule wasn't the type of man who worried about anything.
6 The army was there to keep order in the region.
7 He gave us access to a web site on which to submit the information.
8 Give her a little time to accept the idea.
9 It may be set to any integer value greater than or equal to zero.
10 Return values —  the values that a function returns when it has completed. 
11 Most browsers will automatically invoke Microsoft Word to display the attachment. 
12 English is necessary for programmers because programs are written in English. 
13 Having a great template can save you a lot of time.
14 One plus two equals three. 
15 The committee is composed of three men and seven women.
16 His bad behaviour caused lots of troubles to his parents.
17 Check the expiration date on your passport.
18 He's a software programmer indicted for high security code infiltration, identity theft.
19 A keyword is simply a search term used to find information.
20 A Boolean expression is an expression that results in a Boolean value, that is, in a value of either true or false.
21 Saving the initial state is absolutely mandatory.
22 All global variables are stored in heap by default. 
23 For Java developer knowledge of Heap in Java, setting the size of Java heap space, dealing with Java heap space OutOfMemoryError, analyzing heap dumps is very important.
24 A statement in Java forms a complete command to be executed and can include one or more expressions.
25 Inline expressions are used to write server side code directly on aspx, ascx, javascript pages or files.
26 The conditions of the job contract are unacceptable. 
27 I think he will succeed and win the game. 
28 Tom remained unmarried all his life.
29 Let's make it multiple choice.
30 Are you using the default settings?
31 Could you verify that your computer is plugged in?
32 You can't expect him to be perfect, nobody is.
33 The candidate has passed all the tests.
34 He failed to pass the exam because he wasn't working hard
